## ENEMY
- health
- speed
- damage(to player)

* Enemy(health, speed, damage)
* Move()
* TakeDamage(int amount)
* Destroy()
* DealDamage(Player player)


Enemy: Tank
Enemy: Soldier
Enemy: Truck (idk)

======

## ENEMY MANAGER
- list of enemies (since some enemies can be killed first, out of order, i want to simply remove them from list)
- array of arrays of enemies, count, cooldown -> for spawning WAVES
- EnemySpawner objects which we can pass (pointers to) arrays to instantiate.


* StartWave(int indexWave) -> spawns enemies from given wave (array of arrays), using EnemySpawners.  **coroutines or deltatime?**

* UpdateEnemies() -> moves, destroys, deals damage (so we iterate only once through the list? **can we change list while iterating it**)

* GracePeriod() -> method that starts a timer between the spawning of waves, or perhaps the player starts the next wave on the click of a button??


## ENEMY SPAWNER -> has to work in UPDATE. 

switch (waveRunning):
{
    // udje u telo te funkcije, proverava tajmere, spawnuje cudovista
    // imati neki waveState/waveObject objekat gde pamtimo: do kog moba smo stigli s spawnovanjem, na kojem smo indeksu u nizu grupa za spawnovanje, itd.
    // spawnWave(waveObject) -> vraca true/false, true ako je wave zavrsen, i tada restartujemo waveRunning na False.
    // neka GameLogic skripta bi mogla da pokrece igricu: sa ucitavanjem levela, PUNIMO SPAWNERE koji su ASSIGNOVANI SCENI, a ti spawneri stvaraju objekte KAO DECU ENEMYMANAGER-A, koji ce za svakog neprijatelja da proveri de je i sta je.
        // gameLogic bi trebalo da rukovodi spawnerima .
}


- memorizes which enemies to spawn and stuff?
- the enemy manager should handle the enemy movement and damage/taken
- **HOW TO INTRODUCE TURRET DAMAGE?**

- SpawnEnemies(int wave)


====================

Instantiate -> copies from a serialized prefab => it has to have all values DEFINED ALREADY.  => I can't use a C# constructor
    - Init() functions => defined and used when using Instantiate, called immediately after, mimicking constructors!

